Imperial Physician Wang has been in the imperial court for many years, why did he want to harm the emperor?
Imperial Physician Wang has been in the government for more than fifty years and has never been elsewhere.
I'm sorry, let's do this with a master behind the scenes.
Doctor Wang, please think clearly, as long as you explain who is behind it,
Maybe the Queen Mother can let you...
Doctor Wang, please don’t get familiar with me randomly.
Think about your family and see what you have just done.
Don't hurt me.
Tuan is Zhu Mao
How many times did the princess have three points?
I only blame the minister for not marrying
Xingsheng wishes to hate the little boy Wang Taiye
You have to think clearly
Kill the emperor violently
It’s about having a pig face and nine legs.
What a confused Queen Mother
Don't be a family member who is anxious to serve you
Now that Mr. Wang has confessed, then the Ai family
Just spare his family, the Queen Mother
The Queen Mother clearly meets the Queen Mother
Can Na Chen take Lin Long home?
sure
I also went to Princess Rui to thank the Queen Mother.